71
Daisy V. I couldn't be more satisfied! Unfortunately the indoor dining is not possible during the pandemic, the decor here is really classical! 
Maribel G. Republique is notorious for its brunch menu. For good reason! Classy, sleek and modern decor is matched by outstanding, high quality food. I brunched here a...
Lisa T. Dessert pick up! Ordered online and it was packed and ready when I arrived! 
Katie S. Nice outdoor seating at rooftop with urban oasis! Nice ambience and service! I was there with my girlfriends during the weekend and tried their 10 courses...
KC O. This was the first time we had been out since the pandemic hit and it was a welcome sight to come to a trendy place. I enjoyed my time here. 
Robert B. Took a trip to L'Antica in Los Angeles to get a taste of Italy this past weekend and I'm glad i did. The world renowned and historic L'Antica serving...
Jennifer A. Excellent Italian food. I would highly recommend the margherita pizza. The crust is so thin and the sauce is to die for. The eggplant burrata pasta was also...
Justine D. THEE PERFFFFFECT DATE SPOT. 
Melanie H. My boyfriend and I stopped by by chance while we were walking. 
Rachel Great new place with great sushi. The chicken, shrimp & mushroom box was surprisingly tasty....
Renee L. I have gotten take out from Rollypop three time so far and their food has always been really fresh and delicious.  Highlights so far have definitely been...
Brent K. Great new spot on Wilshire Blvd! Ordering is easy from the kiosks with pictures. They've got the contactless service down and their patio is so pleasant and...
Susan S. One of the places we've been frequenting for takeout during Covid. I have to say, the noodles are on point.  For the kalguksu newbie, it literally means...
Jennifer O. Stopped by for a weekday dinner and got seated pretty quickly. They offer outdoor seating and all the tables have a plastic divider between them. 
Dennis L. Decided to try this restaurant for my first time. Outside seating with social distanced table because of COVID. Ordered the Hot stone bibimbap(combination...
Kent J. ALEX IS THE BEST. excellent service. excellent music!!!!! the drinks are amazing also!!!
Thenia M. Thank you Kim for making this experience so amazing ! Was our first time trying Korean BBQ definitely made it an amazing experience and delicious taste. Me...
Carina W. I L O V E this place. I live in KTown and it's so close and convenient, BUT the staff is why I always come back. Alex is an amazing staff member and even...
Shirley W. Now for those of you who are not familiar with Korea Town, it is filled with lots of yummy food and shopping centers. You can purchase anything from Shin...
Lilian H. Openaire completely exceeded my expectations! I made reservations at 11:30a nearly a week in advance. (Highly suggest to make reservations early!) There...
Alysia D. Easter brunch was absolutely delicious. The shareable portions were perfect for my friend and I. I had plenty of options being a vegetarian. The rooftop...
Mae D. Osteria Mamma is my favorite Italian restaurant in LA and I am so happy they have been able to keep business going through Covid. Pre-Covid I would come...
Ron L. I had an out of town client this past weekend and she wanted me to pick a restaurant that was Covid safe and had patio dining. She always enjoys my foodie...
Sharona M. We came today as soon we heard they were open for dine outside. It was our first time here and we were craving Italian. This spaghetti was to die for! Not...
Andy H. Met Her At A Bar is my absolute favorite brunch spot. The waffle are excellent. The service is top notch. If you haven't checked this place out, you don't...
Adriana K. We drove here from San Diego for my sister's birthday and this place did not disappoint. The food was amazing with beautiful presentation. The customer...
Chase L. Visited for the first time this morning, been wanting to try it out for some time now. Couldn't be happier that I did! First and foremost, parking is easy,...
Margaret D. If you like to drink and you like pineapple in said drink, then get the la pinela! It is tequila, pineapple juice, lime juice, licor 43, cinnamon simple...
Pavneet K. Came here for brunch today, 12/10!! 
Tally S. Came here for brunch pre- pandemic. I love the atmosphere here it is actually a hotel. Everything on the brunch menu is tasty! They also had bottomless...
Yvonne C. Covid delivery review:
Oooooooof this hit the spot! It's pretty cold out here in LA today so what's better than a brothy ramen soup?! I got their regular...
Grace C. I'm pretty particular about my japanese ramens and spot does NOT disappoint! 
Joe Honestly I loveeeeee their broth, it has the perfect kick with a clean broth....
Reynaldo P. My love for Slurpin Ramen in Ktown will be endless. They will always hold a soft spot in my heart because it was one of the first places I ate after moving...
Sara A. I've been wanting to try Met Him At A Bar for years now, especially because I had such a great experience at Met Her across the street several years ago....
Kate L. The younger brother to "Met Her at the Bar" across the street. This place is delightful even during covid-dinning-on-sidewalk. 
Our waiter Benjamin was very...
Mila M. Where do I even start!? 
Tom This is honestly best experience I've had in LA! 
The customer service is top tier and the food...?? The best pasta I had in a...
Dannah R. I got this for delivery and omggg! It was sooo good. It just made me think how much more if it was dine in.
I got the beef bolognese and panna cotta. Both...
Izza N. My new favorite pasta place! 
The store is small, clean and they have a big menu that you will not miss . Also, since it's pandemic there is no indoor and...
Brizylla A. I recently got Pasta Sisters take out for my birthday and I am very much obsessed! It's like my fourth time here so not sure why I lagged on writing a...
Zoe A. Baekjeong's food was amazing! This was our first time and definitely go short ribs all the way! All the sides were fresh and tasty, the meat was of great...
Joe Y. Over 4k reviews, 4.5 stars. I was like, they don't need another, "this restaurant is awesome" review. They know they are awesome. The food is awesome. They...
Winston W. Always a consistently a great experience at Baekjeong!  Service and food is excellent!  My *go to* KBBQ spot in Ktwon LA.  
Outdoor seating is plentiful...
Nami G. Was really craving gopchang after moving back to LA and this place does not disappoint!! Would definitely recommend for anyone craving Korean style...
Stephanie Y. First time here today after eyeing it for some time. We ordered the small intestine combo and got the large, small intestine, and the makchang. They were...
Lily T. I would give this place 300 stars if I could.    My boyfriend and I have been coming here for quite some time now...and we love this place more and more...
Therese G. Osteria La Buca has the perfect food for comforting the soul and the palette! I ran here to grab some take-out for my family. There was a space dedicated...
Tze L. After struggling for at least 30 minutes what to eat for dinner, we ended up ordering take-out from here after seeing the reviews.  
Chuck D. We had dinner here pre-pandemic and apparently never got around to writing about our amazing dinner. My good friend Nate had been telling me about Osteria...
Kalon C. I've wanted to go here ever since I saw my friend post about it almost a year ago. Finally made the trip out and had a very good time!
Isaac Y. You can't go wrong with any of their mandu dishes. However, my clear favorite is their galbi mandu. The richness of the galbi in concert with the oily,...
Jeff H. === Pandemic Delivery ===
Sue L. I'm their 100th review!
When I visit LA, I sometimes go on a quest for extreme ethnic as my neighborhood lacks in diversity. On this particular cold and...
Sarah M. I love how this place specializes in jjamppong and doesn't have a bazillion other things on their menu.
I've passed by the restaurant but never thought I'd...
Kathrine W. I cannot believe i am just discovering this place! I love jjampong more than jjajangmyun, so I'm disappointed i just found out about this gem. 
I always...
Scott B. It's evening time in Hollywood, just finished taping an audition at a director friend's place, and we get the notion to hit the streets for whatever action...
Marissa S. I visited Running Goose this week for takeout and was so excited that they were open. I purchased the corn and arugula tostadas, gnocchi, and lettuce salad....
George J. Running Goose was a random impromptu lunch stop that made it to the top of our list for favorite places to eat in California.  We were leaving Griffith...
Kelley W. I come here quite regularly and I never leave unsatisfied! I'm not very good at eating healthy because I just love to indulge, but Yuko is definitely a...
Felicia L. I can't believe my original review was 9 years ago! Yuko Kitchen was one of the first places I found when I moved here 10 years ago, living + working down...
Nick A. I can't believe I've lived in this neighborhood for almost thirty years and had yet to enter Yuko Kitchen! I almost want to kick myself for waiting so long....